When you think of a cute furry1 wild animal you often picture a koala These adorablelooking creatures appear docile2 and friendly so its no wonder people are concerned about the future of the species after the devastating3 bushfires that destroyed parts of Australia earlier this year Luckily many survived which gives us a chance to continue to learn more about these marsupials Australias native and unique wildlife such as kangaroos platypus4 and koalas are under constant threat from human activity and natural disasters Its thought at least a billion animals lost their lives as a result of this years bushfires Recently drones and thermal5 imaging technology have been used to track their movements to help them keep safe Protecting these unique species is important because as The Australian Koala Foundation estimates there are now possibly as few as 43 000 koalas in the wild So what is so special about koalas and what makes them so cool Maybe we envy their ability to sleep for up to 22 hours day Or could it be their laidback appearance due to the fact that they are herbivores and mainly feed on juicy eucalyptus6 leaves which take a lot of time and energy to digest What is amazing is that because they often live in a dry and hot environment they drink very little water So how do they survive Well scientists have discovered that these wild mammals lick running water off the smooth surface of a tree trunk when it is raining This phenomenon is called stemflow Valentina Mella the lead author of the research and an ethnologist from the University of Sydney told the BBC: I think the main message is that behavioural observations in the wild are very important to establish what is normal and what is unusual and to truly understand what animals need If we watch them carefully they will tell us So despite the word koala meaning no drink or no water in the Aboriginal7 language it seems that even these sleepy creatures do need a drink sometimes And if were to encourage them to flourish we need to conserve8 their habitat  we need to conserve8 their habitat time block  but give priority to your allotted9 reading time 	 	For myself  I read first thing for one hour in the morning  every single morning   no intrusions  no interruptions  no exceptions  This allows me to read around one book per week 	 	Consider the math: a book of around 200-300 pages takes about 5-7 hours to read on average  depending on reading speed  Blocking out one hour per day immediately puts you at one book per week for a typical-sized book at a typical reading speed 	 	Start Listening to Audiobooks	 	Before I started listening to audiobooks  I was reading about one book per week and 52 books per year  About two years ago  I implemented10 audiobooks   that put me at around 65 books per year  I don t listen to audiobooks that much or that often  Usually  I listen to one  maybe two  in a month  But that makes a difference of 10 to 15 books over the course of a year  When I m walking or driving  I can fit in extra reading time by listening to an audiobook instead of radio or music  When I m working out in the gym or going for a run  I can squeeze in a few chapters  Or even when I m cooking  I can throw on an audiobook 	 	Each of us have a lot more time in the day than we realize  but that time can often get frittered away if used without intention  Audiobooks are a means of using time more intentionally11 and in a manner conducive12 to a reading goal  They fill in the downtime with books and reading 	 	Most audiobooks are between 6 and 10 hours long  some of them push upwards of 12 to 15  But even for longer books  the total time is negligible when spread across weeks or months 	 	Consider the math once again: If you have a thirty-minute commute13 to work each way  that is potentially an hour per day to listen to a book  Or  if you only want to listen in the morning  for example  thirty minutes of extra reading per day remains14 excellent   you could get through nearly two  8-hour audiobooks per month at thirty minutes a day  I would be remiss15 to ignore the small faction16 of readers who do not count audiobooks as  reading   So here is me addressing them  Personally  I do count audiobooks as reading   a book read aloud is still a book 	 	By implementing a regular time block for reading each day  reading turns into a habit and becomes automated17  Thinking about when you can  fit in  time to read no longer applies once it becomes a routine part of your day  Soon enough  it becomes an integral piece of your identity as well   you see yourself as a  reader  and so do others  which further motivates and compounds the habit of reading  Next  try out an audiobook  Give yourself a month to listen to one book  you ll realize that you fly through the book much quicker than this  It s a fun and leisurely18 way of reading more books  And who doesn t like being read to by someone else 	 	With these two ideas  you and me and everyone else can actually read more books 't  So the next time you plan on going to the gym  ask one of your friends to meet you there  That way someone else will be counting on you to show up  They'll expect you to follow through  so if you don't you won't get off scot-free like you did before  Reliability is effective for a number of reasons  but trust is a big one  You show up because you don't want to blow off your friend  You invited them to the gym so you can't just bail13 because you're feeling lazy  Sitting around watching Netflix is a pretty terrible reason to damage a friendship  Reliability also motivates you because you want your friend to think highly of you  You want them to see you as someone who takes their goals seriously  So when you're on your own it's easier to fail because no one has to know about it  Your friends and family won't have a different opinion of you if you don't go  But now your friend will see firsthand whether you're following through or not  So you show up to make sure you leave a good impression  For the same reason you're more likely to actually try while you're there  You can't just leave after five minutes or sit on your phone the whole time  Sitting there watching your friend do what they're supposed to do will motivate you to follow suit  Finally  reliability can make things more fun  It gives you someone to talk to which relieves anxiety and stress  Your friend might also be more experienced so they can help you get the most out of whatever you're doing  If you're struggling to find motivation on your own  hey  there's no shame in calling for backup  The simple fact that someone else is involved will jumpstart your work ethic15 
	，。，，，？。，，。。，。10，，。。。，。。，，。，。，。，，。，，。，。。，，。，。，，。，。，。5，。，。：。，。，。，，。，，。
	 
	Number four  undermine your fears 
	，。
	 
	Sometimes our laziness isn't really laziness  You might procrastinate16 or avoid doing something because well you're worried about what will happen when you try  You might have set your expectations way too high  You might feel an overwhelming amount of pressure to succeed  This can make even the smallest chores feel like huge responsibilities  You end up running away because you can't fail at something that you never actually do  Now to avoid this kind of laziness  check your expectations at the door  In other words  when you start a project  you only have one job and that's to start  Don't be afraid of making something terrible  just begin working on the first thing that pops into your mind  This gets you past that initial roadblock  Every project is way less intimidating17 when you're already halfway18 done  This is the same reason that teachers encourage their students to write rough drafts  You make something rough and imperfect to get an idea of where you're headed  Yeah it won't be very good because it's not supposed to be  There aren't any expectations or pressure  but you'll find that things seem a lot more doable afterwards  So when you're feeling lazy  don't be afraid to get a little messy  Improving something bad's a whole lot easier than making something perfect from scratch 
	。、。。。。，，。，。，，，。，。。，。，。。。，，，。，。，。
	 
	Number five  dress for productivity 
	，。
	 
	Where are you the laziest  Well if you're like most people you probably feel lethargic19 whenever you're trying to work or study in your room  And your clothes maybe the biggest reason why  Now everyone knows it's a whole lot more comfortable to work in sweatpants or pajamas20  If you're gonna spend all day doing something that you don't want to  you might as well be comfy  right  The truth is your clothes can directly affect your habits  This is one of the biggest reasons why so many companies make their employees dress up for work  even if they aren't interacting with customers  Your brain naturally associates your habits with your environment  Think about studying in your room versus21 studying in the library  the latter is way more efficient  because your brain doesn't see your room as a workspace  So when you're in your room  your brain unconsciously thinks about relaxation22 and sleep  because that's what it's used to doing  But the library puts you in a different mental space  this new environment primes your brain to work and think harder than it would anywhere else  Clothes work the exact same way  What are you usually doing when you wear sweatpants  Chances are you aren't taking tests or going to meetings  you're probably playing video games or watching TV  So that's what your brain thinks about when you're wearing them  The lazier your clothes are  the lazier you'll feel  To overcome this kind of laziness  change into clothes that help you focus  Don't worry  you don't have to wear a suit and tie  You should choose something you wouldn't mind wearing out into the world  This is an especially helpful tip for students and people who work from home  Yeah it's tempting23 to lounge around all day in your comfiest outfit24  but you need to tell your brain when it's time to shift gears  A change of clothing is an easy and effective way to do just that 
	？，。。。，，？，。，，。。，，。，，。，，，。。？，，。。，。，，。，。。。，，，。，。