I couldnt sell a stove to an Innuit I work hard but I am not very entrepreneurial I admire people like Richard Branson Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg They set up and grew their own profitable companies when they were very young It got me wondering whether entrepreneurs are born with the skills they need or if men and women can be trained to earn money after spotting and exploring opportunities in the marketplace For UK business consultant1 Peter Ryding genes2 have a great deal to do with it He says that an individuals talent for business is 70 born 10 nurture3 and 20 trainable Another expert Brian Morgan professor of entrepreneurship at Cardiff Metropolitan4 University places more importance on acquired knowledge He says business skills can be learned through college courses or by working with a large company in a sector5 that the budding entrepreneur is keen to enter This experience might help the candidate to develop some of the fundamental business and networking skills adds Mr Morgan The owner of a chain of restaurants in the UK Luke Johnson says that taking charge of your working life can actually be a better choice to control your own destiny A friend of mine did exactly that She put a counter in a crowded shopping centre and sold coconut6 macaroons She prepared a business plan got a bank loan and organised some advertising7 Her startup was successful in the beginning She was proud of her coconut macaroons Well maybe too proud as she offered free samples to everybody Shed give away bags of her cakes Profits started to go down but her entrepreneurship did help her to control her own destiny The owner of a big department store in the shopping centre was impressed by the caring way she dealt with her customers They ended up getting married My friend is a born entrepreneur She now has coconut macaroon counters all over town  has coconut macaroon counters all over town only to find the recipient2 already has it or they've been given it already. Or worse, they just don't like it, which makes me think, "Are we wasting our time and money?"
	It's that time of year when many of us spend money buying gifts for family and friends. We spend hours  even days  searching the shops and websites trying to find the right present for someone - a pair of socks  perfume  a new gadget1  only to find the recipient2 already has it or they've been given it already. Or worse  they just don't like it  which makes me think  "Are we wasting our time and money?"
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving, we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3. This is particularly true for children, who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at. One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled. Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message. Speaking to BBC online, clinical psychologist Linda Blair says, "When we are given a lot, we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays, it will impact on children's attitudes." She also suggests, "If you want to give a gift, give your time". 	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving, we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3. This is particularly true for children, who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at. One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled. Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message. Speaking to BBC online, clinical psychologist Linda Blair says, "When we are given a lot, we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays, it will impact on children's attitudes." She also suggests, "If you want to give a gift, give your time". 
	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving, we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3  This is particularly true for children, who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at  One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled  Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message  Speaking to BBC online, clinical psychologist Linda Blair says, "When we are given a lot, we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays, it will impact on children's attitudes " She also suggests, "If you want to give a gift, give your time"  
	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving, we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3. This is particularly true for children, who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at. One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled. Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message. Speaking to BBC online, clinical psychologist Linda Blair says, "When we are given a lot, we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays, it will impact on children's attitudes." She also suggests, "If you want to give a gift, give your time". 
	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving, we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3. This is particularly true for children, who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at. One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled. Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message. Speaking to BBC online, clinical psychologist Linda Blair says, "When we are given a lot, we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays, it will impact on children's attitudes." She also suggests, "If you want to give a gift, give your time". 
	There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving  we need to think outside the box  use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3. This is particularly true for children  who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at. One idea is to implement4 a 'one-gift' rule so that children don't grow up spoiled. Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message. Speaking to BBC online  clinical psychologist Linda Blair says  "When we are given a lot  we expect to receive a lot even if it's only at Christmas and on birthdays  it will impact on children's attitudes." She also suggests  "If you want to give a gift  give your time". 
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike, when it comes to giving, think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten, discarded or re-gifted.  Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different. It will cost you money, but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing. It would therefore be memorable5 and, hopefully, much appreciated.	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike, when it comes to giving, think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten, discarded or re-gifted.  Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different. It will cost you money, but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing. It would therefore be memorable5 and, hopefully, much appreciated.
	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike, when it comes to giving, think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten, discarded or re-gifted   Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different  It will cost you money, but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing  It would therefore be memorable5 and, hopefully, much appreciated 
	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike, when it comes to giving, think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten, discarded or re-gifted.  Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different. It will cost you money, but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing. It would therefore be memorable5 and, hopefully, much appreciated.
	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike, when it comes to giving, think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten, discarded or re-gifted.  Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different. It will cost you money, but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing. It would therefore be memorable5 and, hopefully, much appreciated.
	She makes a good point - for children and adults alike  when it comes to giving  think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten  discarded or re-gifted.  Buying an experience is one alternative - a chance for someone to try something out and do something different. It will cost you money  but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing. It would therefore be memorable5 and  hopefully  much appreciated.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons, giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English. And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting, cleaning or giving someone a massage6. And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop.	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons, giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English. And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting, cleaning or giving someone a massage6. And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop.
	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons, giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English  And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting, cleaning or giving someone a massage6  And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop 
	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons, giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English. And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting, cleaning or giving someone a massage6. And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop.
	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons, giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English. And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting, cleaning or giving someone a massage6. And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop.
	Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons  giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English. And there are what are called 'favours'  money-can't-buy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting  cleaning or giving someone a massage6. And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Of course, if you can't think of an original way to give a gift, the alternative is to not buy anything at all. You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause. But if this year, you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts'.	Of course, if you can't think of an original way to give a gift, the alternative is to not buy anything at all. You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause. But if this year, you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts'.
	Of course, if you can't think of an original way to give a gift, the alternative is to not buy anything at all  You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause  But if this year, you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts' 
	Of course, if you can't think of an original way to give a gift, the alternative is to not buy anything at all. You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause. But if this year, you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts'.
	Of course, if you can't think of an original way to give a gift, the alternative is to not buy anything at all. You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause. But if this year, you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts'.
	Of course  if you can't think of an original way to give a gift  the alternative is to not buy anything at all. You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause. But if this year  you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts'.