Work sleep eat repeat The inevitable1 break up Having the courage to apologize Not all friendships last forever and thats okay Most adults are clueless and are figuring out life just like everybody else It feels like things move so slow and life will be endless when you were a kid But life speeds by horribly2 fast now eeds by horribly2 fast now 	security family and situation 	ta	 	Lucky for me I married my best friend and someone who fits my lifestyle Jay Wacker who loves to travel cook watch Game of Thrones take pictures and who can be silly and serious 	·	 	"You can make any choice you want if you are willing to accept the consequences that come with it "		 	When I was a little girl my mother told me that if you want to know whether a person is really nice observe the way that person treats salesclerks waiters and other people in service professions who can't defend themselves She was 100% correct and I've never forgotten it 		 	It is very useful in sorting people out 		 	Right before I walked down the aisle1 to marry her son my mother-in-law told me "Michelle if a man can't make himself a sandwich he should starve "	n you need one But don't forget to reciprocate7 when they need it 	 	Now the cons There's limited storage space for a start In most cases the kitchen for example will be divvied up into designated shelves and areas Worse many people may not respect these boundaries You might well come home to find someone's pilfered8 your milk or shower gel and no one owns up to it Furthermore despite the rota showing that cleaning is everyone's responsibility some people don't like to pull their weight And then there are the unexpected guests If a flatmate forgets to keep you in the loop about a party they're throwing and all you want is a quiet night it can be challenging 	 	Whether the pros outweigh9 the cons is something everyone must decide for themselves Some people prefer their own space while others thrive in a social environment Regardless for many who lack the means to buy their own property a flatshare is and will continue to be a necessity ideas" 	 	What about you: Does coffee fill you with ideas  Is it an important part of your social life  is the third Monday in January, when it's cold and dark outside. This day was nicknamed 'Blue Monday' by psychologist Cliff Arnall in 2004. He came up with it after a holiday company asked him for a 'scientific formula' for the January blues.
	Apparently5, the most depressing day of the year is the third Monday in January, when it's cold and dark outside  This day was nicknamed 'Blue Monday' by psychologist Cliff Arnall in 2004  He came up with it after a holiday company asked him for a 'scientific formula' for the January blues 
	Apparently5, the most depressing day of the year is the third Monday in January, when it's cold and dark outside. This day was nicknamed 'Blue Monday' by psychologist Cliff Arnall in 2004. He came up with it after a holiday company asked him for a 'scientific formula' for the January blues.
	Apparently5, the most depressing day of the year is the third Monday in January, when it's cold and dark outside. This day was nicknamed 'Blue Monday' by psychologist Cliff Arnall in 2004. He came up with it after a holiday company asked him for a 'scientific formula' for the January blues.
	Apparently5  the most depressing day of the year is the third Monday in January  when it's cold and dark outside. This day was nicknamed 'Blue Monday' by psychologist Cliff Arnall in 2004. He came up with it after a holiday company asked him for a 'scientific formula' for the January blues.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Even if there was little science behind the formula, it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun. Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before. It's what psychologists call an emotional shift, and no other part of the week has a transition like it. 	Even if there was little science behind the formula, it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun. Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before. It's what psychologists call an emotional shift, and no other part of the week has a transition like it. 
	Even if there was little science behind the formula, it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun  Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before  It's what psychologists call an emotional shift, and no other part of the week has a transition like it  
	Even if there was little science behind the formula, it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun. Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before. It's what psychologists call an emotional shift, and no other part of the week has a transition like it. 
	Even if there was little science behind the formula, it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun. Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before. It's what psychologists call an emotional shift, and no other part of the week has a transition like it. 
	Even if there was little science behind the formula  it's probably true that the sound of our alarm clock on any Monday morning signals the dawning of a new week and possibly the end of our weekend of fun. Research shows our Monday mood can be based on a direct comparison to the day before. It's what psychologists call an emotional shift  and no other part of the week has a transition like it. 
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five, and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real." And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications.	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five, and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real." And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications.
	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five, and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real " And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications 
	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five, and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real." And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications.
	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five, and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real." And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications.
	Monday means the end of weekend lie-ins  it's back to the routine and the realisation that there are five days ahead of the nine-to-five  and according to the BBC Bitesize website "If you can't stand your job then the Monday blues can be very real." And your miserable6 Monday is followed by trying Tuesday  the most popular day for sending out job applications.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is? Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression, caused by other factors. Writing for the BBC, author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond, argues that this low feeling might be a myth. She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays." She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays. So, when Monday comes, maybe we should give it a second chance!	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is? Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression, caused by other factors. Writing for the BBC, author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond, argues that this low feeling might be a myth. She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays." She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays. So, when Monday comes, maybe we should give it a second chance!
	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is? Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression, caused by other factors  Writing for the BBC, author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond, argues that this low feeling might be a myth  She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays " She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays  So, when Monday comes, maybe we should give it a second chance!
	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is  Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression, caused by other factors. Writing for the BBC, author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond, argues that this low feeling might be a myth. She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays." She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays. So, when Monday comes, maybe we should give it a second chance!
	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is? Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression, caused by other factors. Writing for the BBC, author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond, argues that this low feeling might be a myth. She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays." She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays. So, when Monday comes, maybe we should give it a second chance 
	But is Monday as bad as we like to think it is? Feeling a bit low shouldn't be confused with more serious depression  caused by other factors. Writing for the BBC  author and presenter7 Claudia Hammond  argues that this low feeling might be a myth. She says: "There is a strong cultural idea that we don't like Mondays." She mentions an Australian study in 2008 about how people reflected on their mood and found the day that scored the lowest was in fact Wednesdays. So  when Monday comes  maybe we should give it a second chance!