For some people theres no better companion than mans best friend a dog This fourlegged canine1 can bring comfort and joy and provide muchneeded exercise for you when it needs walkies This probably explains why dog ownership increased last year because people spent more time at home during the coronavirus pandemic lockdown It was demand for puppies in particular that saw the biggest increase Who couldnt resist their playful personalities2 adorable eyes and supersoft coats However as demand for a new pooch increased so did the price tag Popular breeds such as Cockapoos and Cocker Spaniels saw even sharper price increases and puppies have been selling for 3 000 or more Animal welfare charities fear that high prices could encourage puppy farming smuggling3 or dog theft And a BBC investigation4 found some breeders have been selling puppies and kittens on social media sites something charities have called extremely irresponsible But despite some new owners purchasing a dog legally maybe from a rescue centre or registered breeder theyve proved to be illprepared for life with a new pet and the pet itself has found it hard to come to terms with life in a new home Animal behaviourists in the UK have reported a surge in requests to help dogs suffering from fearaggression after their lives have been turned upside down Looking to the future there are concerns about the welfare of these muchloved pets Ian Atkin manager of the Oxfordshire Animal Sanctuary5 in the UK told the BBC: At the moment the dogs are having a great time but separation anxiety could still surface when people go back to work And Claire Calder from the UKs Dogs Trust rescue charity says the economic situation also means that some people may find they cant afford to look after a dog The message is not to buy a puppy in haste and to pick one that fits into your lifestyle  and to pick one that fits into your lifestyle e a number of factors at work. So, can you learn to develop superhuman charm? The answer is: to a large extent, yes you can.
	Well, it might seem like a magical power, but in fact there are a number of factors at work  So, can you learn to develop superhuman charm? The answer is: to a large extent, yes you can 
	Well, it might seem like a magical power, but in fact there are a number of factors at work. So, can you learn to develop superhuman charm  The answer is: to a large extent, yes you can.
	Well, it might seem like a magical power, but in fact there are a number of factors at work. So, can you learn to develop superhuman charm? The answer is: to a large extent, yes you can.
	Well  it might seem like a magical power  but in fact there are a number of factors at work. So  can you learn to develop superhuman charm? The answer is: to a large extent  yes you can.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But first, the bad news. Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance. With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face, people make snap judgements about each other's likeability, trustworthiness and confidence, according to Alexander Todorov, professor of psychology4 at Princeton University.	But first, the bad news. Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance. With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face, people make snap judgements about each other's likeability, trustworthiness and confidence, according to Alexander Todorov, professor of psychology4 at Princeton University.
	But first, the bad news  Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance  With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face, people make snap judgements about each other's likeability, trustworthiness and confidence, according to Alexander Todorov, professor of psychology4 at Princeton University 
	But first, the bad news. Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance. With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face, people make snap judgements about each other's likeability, trustworthiness and confidence, according to Alexander Todorov, professor of psychology4 at Princeton University.
	But first, the bad news. Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance. With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face, people make snap judgements about each other's likeability, trustworthiness and confidence, according to Alexander Todorov, professor of psychology4 at Princeton University.
	But first  the bad news. Scientists have found that people initially1 judge each other based purely2 on physical appearance. With just a fleeting3 glimpse of a face  people make snap judgements about each other's likeability  trustworthiness and confidence  according to Alexander Todorov  professor of psychology4 at Princeton University.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	How to counteract5 this? There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile. Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy, warmer and sociable6". It sounds like common sense, doesn't it? Smile and others will smile with you.	How to counteract5 this? There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile. Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy, warmer and sociable6". It sounds like common sense, doesn't it? Smile and others will smile with you.
	How to counteract5 this? There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile  Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy, warmer and sociable6"  It sounds like common sense, doesn't it? Smile and others will smile with you 
	How to counteract5 this  There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile. Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy, warmer and sociable6". It sounds like common sense, doesn't it  Smile and others will smile with you.
	How to counteract5 this? There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile. Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy, warmer and sociable6". It sounds like common sense, doesn't it? Smile and others will smile with you.
	How to counteract5 this? There's one incredibly simple tool: your smile. Todorov told the BBC that people perceive a smiling face as "more trustworthy  warmer and sociable6". It sounds like common sense  doesn't it? Smile and others will smile with you.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves? Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people. He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals." Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly, tilt10 our heads slightly, and, once again, to smile.	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves? Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people. He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals." Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly, tilt10 our heads slightly, and, once again, to smile.
	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves? Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people  He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals " Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly, tilt10 our heads slightly, and, once again, to smile 
	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves  Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people. He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals." Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly, tilt10 our heads slightly, and, once again, to smile.
	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves? Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people. He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals." Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly, tilt10 our heads slightly, and, once again, to smile.
	What other tricks might we have up our sleeves? Former FBI agent Jack7 Schafer has been trained in how to influence people. He told BBC Capital: "Our brains are always surveying the environment for friend or foe8 signals." Three things we can do to signal that we are not a threat are to: raise our eyebrows9 quickly  tilt10 our heads slightly  and  once again  to smile.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So we've looked at body language, but of course what you say is hugely important too, unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly. Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you." In other words, you need to show interest in them, instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements. And while you're chatting, remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position.	So we've looked at body language, but of course what you say is hugely important too, unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly. Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you." In other words, you need to show interest in them, instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements. And while you're chatting, remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position.
	So we've looked at body language, but of course what you say is hugely important too, unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly  Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you " In other words, you need to show interest in them, instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements  And while you're chatting, remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position 
	So we've looked at body language, but of course what you say is hugely important too, unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly. Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you." In other words, you need to show interest in them, instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements. And while you're chatting, remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position.
	So we've looked at body language, but of course what you say is hugely important too, unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly. Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves, they're going to like you." In other words, you need to show interest in them, instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements. And while you're chatting, remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position.
	So we've looked at body language  but of course what you say is hugely important too  unless you want to just stand there grinning foolishly. Here Schafer recommends that "the golden rule of friendship is if you make people feel good about themselves  they're going to like you." In other words  you need to show interest in them  instead of talking about yourself and all your wonderful achievements. And while you're chatting  remember this: another way of showing interest is to mirror their physical position.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Another way to form a connection? Find common ground. Suzanne de Janasz, a professor of management with Seattle University, says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12. Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common. And if all else fails, you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather. Glorious day, isn't it?	Another way to form a connection? Find common ground. Suzanne de Janasz, a professor of management with Seattle University, says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12. Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common. And if all else fails, you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather. Glorious day, isn't it?
	Another way to form a connection? Find common ground  Suzanne de Janasz, a professor of management with Seattle University, says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12  Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common  And if all else fails, you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather  Glorious day, isn't it?
	Another way to form a connection  Find common ground. Suzanne de Janasz, a professor of management with Seattle University, says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12. Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common. And if all else fails, you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather. Glorious day, isn't it 
	Another way to form a connection? Find common ground. Suzanne de Janasz, a professor of management with Seattle University, says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12. Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common. And if all else fails, you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather. Glorious day, isn't it?
	Another way to form a connection? Find common ground. Suzanne de Janasz  a professor of management with Seattle University  says that charming people are particularly adept11 at seeking out shared interests or experiences to help them build rapport12. Simple things like asking where someone's from really can open up a discussion and allow you to find areas in common. And if all else fails  you can fall back on that most British of topics: the weather. Glorious day  isn't it?