Space out your studying efforts Create a study schedule Have a specific goal for every study session Organize your academic material efficiently1 Maintain high levels of physical health Create or join a homework group Take notes during class instruction Maintain your study area Split up large chunks2 of study material into manageable pieces Study tip 1 Get your mind fully3 on board Study tip 2 Tackle whats most important and most difficult early Study tip 3 Use your time more efficiently with a timer Study tip4 Use your notes as a perfect study tool Study tip5 Teach what you learn ur notes as a perfect study tool 		 	Study tip#5 Teach what you learn 	nd trusted advisor3 of Emperor Nero believed that reading too wide a variety in too short a time would keep the teachings from leaving a lasting4 impression on you "You must linger among a limited number of master thinkers and digest their works if you would derive5 ideas which shall win firm hold in your mind " he wrote in a letter to Roman writer Lucilius 		 	3 SHOP AT SECONDHAND BOOKSTORES // VIRGINIA WOOLF	·	 	In her essay "Street Haunting " Virginia Woolf described the merits of shopping in secondhand bookstores where the works "have come together in vast flocks of variegated6 feather and have a charm which the domesticated7 volumes of the library lack "	·	 	According to Woolf browsing8 through used books gives you the chance to stumble upon something that wouldn't have risen to the attention of librarians and booksellers who are often much more selective in curating their collections than secondhand bookstore owners 		 	4 YOU CAN SKIP OUTDATED9 SCIENTIFIC WORKS BUT NOT OLD LITERATURE // EDWARD BULWER-LYTTON	·-	 	19th-century British novelist and Parliamentarian Edward Bulwer-Lytton was a firm believer in the value of reading old literature 	19·-	 	"In science read by preference the newest works; in literature the oldest  he wrote in his 1863 essay collection Caxtoniana "The classic literature is always modern New books revive and redecorate old ideas; old books suggest and invigorate new ideas "	1863	 	5 CHECK OUT AUTHORS' READING LISTS FOR BOOK RECOMMENDATIONS // MORTIMER J ADLER	·J·	 	In his 1940 guide How to Read a Book American philosopher Mortimer J Adler talked about the importance of choosing books that other authors consider worth reading "The great authors were great readers " he explained "and one way to understand them is to read the books they read "	·J·1940	 	6 YOU GET TO MAKE THE FINAL DECISION ON HOW WHAT AND WHEN TO READ // THEODORE ROOSEVELT	·	 	Theodore Roosevelt rejected the idea that there's a definitive10 best books list that everyone should abide11 by Instead Roosevelt recommended choosing books on subjects that interest you and letting your mood guide you to your next great read He also wasn't one to roll his eyes at a happy ending explaining that "there are enough horror and grimness and sordid12 squalor in real life with which an active man has to grapple "	· by a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals.
	Youth means a temperamental predominance of courage over timidity  of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease. This often exists in a man of 60 more than a boy of 20. Nobody grows old merely by a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals.
		
	
	
	
	
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.
	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul  Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust 
	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.
	Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.
	Years may wrinkle the skin  but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry  fear  self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.
		
	
	
	
	
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young.	Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young.
	Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living  In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young 
	Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young.
	Whether 60 or 16, there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder, the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from the Infinite, so long are you young.
	Whether 60 or 16  there is in every human being's heart the lure4 of wonder  the unfailing childlike appetite of what's next and the joy of the game of living. In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless5 station: so long as it receives messages of beauty  hope  cheer  courage and power from men and from the Infinite  so long are you young.
		
	
	
	
	
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80.	When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80.
	When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80 
	When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80.
	When the aerials are down, and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6, then you are grown old, even at 20, but as long as your aerials are up, to catch waves of optimism, there is hope you may die young at 80.
	When the aerials are down  and your spirit is covered with snows of cynicism and the ice of pessimism6  then you are grown old  even at 20  but as long as your aerials are up  to catch waves of optimism  there is hope you may die young at 80.
		
	
	
	
	