Do you drink a lot of coffee The water boiling in the kettle the aroma1 the first mouthful from the cup in the morning so many people see it as part of a ritual that it inspired an expression in English: Wake up and smell the coffee I read the other day in the New Scientist magazine that coffee contains a stimulant2 caffeine which is the planets most popular psychoactive drug In the United States alone more than 90 of adults are estimated to use it every day Thats a lot of people Organisations which research public health thought it too Theyre concerned about the addition of caffeine to products such as waffles energy drinks and chewing gum Lynne Goldman dean of the George Washington University School of Public Health says that many people dont know how much caffeine they are taking As a result they could have insomnia3 indigestion or high blood pressure I dont want to have any of that but I must say that when I cant have any coffee I feel a bit tired have a mild headache and find it difficult to concentrate Scientists say that these must be the withdrawal4 symptoms of caffeine because coffee can cause an addiction5 But if you are a coffee lover like me you shouldnt be afraid because in moderation caffeine may have some positive effects A study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition linked drinking coffee and tea with a lower risk of diabetes6 There is an interesting story behind the use of coffee Stephen Braun author of Buzz: The Science and Lore7 of Alcohol and Caffeine says that the substance became popular in Europe with the industrial revolution There was a race for productivity during that time And some famous people believed that coffee has creative powers French novelist and playwright8 Honor de Balzac and German composer Ludwig van Beethoven are said to have liked it a lot American filmmaker David Lynch ate at the same Los Angeles diner every day for seven years He drank up to seven cups of coffee with lots of sugar every time which he said would guarantee him lots of ideas What about you: Does coffee fill you with ideas Is it an important part of your social life h ideas Is it an important part of your social life  re being seen. According to a survey by Fragrance2 Direct, a leading UK beauty retailer3, the average UK woman uses twelve beauty products in their beauty regime daily  that's approximately £500 spent annually4. But behind the monetary5 cost lies another, and it's one that many consumers may not know about.
	Have you ever gone out without putting your face on? Whether it's a dash of foundation or a full application of lipstick1  blusher or mascara  many would consider make-up essential before being seen. According to a survey by Fragrance2 Direct  a leading UK beauty retailer3  the average UK woman uses twelve beauty products in their beauty regime daily  that's approximately £500 spent annually4. But behind the monetary5 cost lies another  and it's one that many consumers may not know about.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial, and, according to many, environmentally damaging. Between 1990 and 2008, oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests, according to the BBC. This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat, such as the orangutan. And demand for the crop is increasing.	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial, and, according to many, environmentally damaging. Between 1990 and 2008, oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests, according to the BBC. This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat, such as the orangutan. And demand for the crop is increasing.
	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial, and, according to many, environmentally damaging  Between 1990 and 2008, oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests, according to the BBC  This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat, such as the orangutan  And demand for the crop is increasing 
	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial, and, according to many, environmentally damaging. Between 1990 and 2008, oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests, according to the BBC. This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat, such as the orangutan. And demand for the crop is increasing.
	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial, and, according to many, environmentally damaging. Between 1990 and 2008, oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests, according to the BBC. This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat, such as the orangutan. And demand for the crop is increasing.
	70% of cosmetics7 are manufactured using palm oil  a substance which is controversial  and  according to many  environmentally damaging. Between 1990 and 2008  oil palm tree plantations8 were responsible for the deforestation of around 8% of the world's forests  according to the BBC. This leads to a loss of biodiversity and habitat for wildlife  particularly those already under threat  such as the orangutan. And demand for the crop is increasing.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	To further complicate9 things, we can't simply ban it or stop using it. It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion. Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide. Worse, alternative vegetable oils, such as rapeseed, coconut11 or sunflower, would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount. This would only exacerbate12 the issue.	To further complicate9 things, we can't simply ban it or stop using it. It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion. Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide. Worse, alternative vegetable oils, such as rapeseed, coconut11 or sunflower, would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount. This would only exacerbate12 the issue.
	To further complicate9 things, we can't simply ban it or stop using it  It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion  Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide  Worse, alternative vegetable oils, such as rapeseed, coconut11 or sunflower, would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount  This would only exacerbate12 the issue 
	To further complicate9 things, we can't simply ban it or stop using it. It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion. Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide. Worse, alternative vegetable oils, such as rapeseed, coconut11 or sunflower, would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount. This would only exacerbate12 the issue.
	To further complicate9 things, we can't simply ban it or stop using it. It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion. Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide. Worse, alternative vegetable oils, such as rapeseed, coconut11 or sunflower, would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount. This would only exacerbate12 the issue.
	To further complicate9 things  we can't simply ban it or stop using it. It's the most widely used vegetable oil on the planet and responsible for an industry worth more than $40 billion. Stopping its production would ruin many people's livelihoods10 worldwide. Worse  alternative vegetable oils  such as rapeseed  coconut11 or sunflower  would require up to ten times as much land to produce the same amount. This would only exacerbate12 the issue.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	There is hope, though, of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers, retailers13, NGOs and manufacturers. To meet their standards, a company must not clear any primary forest, treat workers fairly, and create wildlife zones, among other things. However, many critics say that these rules are not strict enough. According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result.	There is hope, though, of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers, retailers13, NGOs and manufacturers. To meet their standards, a company must not clear any primary forest, treat workers fairly, and create wildlife zones, among other things. However, many critics say that these rules are not strict enough. According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result.
	There is hope, though, of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers, retailers13, NGOs and manufacturers  To meet their standards, a company must not clear any primary forest, treat workers fairly, and create wildlife zones, among other things  However, many critics say that these rules are not strict enough  According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result 
	There is hope, though, of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers, retailers13, NGOs and manufacturers. To meet their standards, a company must not clear any primary forest, treat workers fairly, and create wildlife zones, among other things. However, many critics say that these rules are not strict enough. According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result.
	There is hope, though, of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers, retailers13, NGOs and manufacturers. To meet their standards, a company must not clear any primary forest, treat workers fairly, and create wildlife zones, among other things. However, many critics say that these rules are not strict enough. According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result.
	There is hope  though  of sustainable palm oil based on a global standard set by the Round Table on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)  a group of growers  retailers13  NGOs and manufacturers. To meet their standards  a company must not clear any primary forest  treat workers fairly  and create wildlife zones  among other things. However  many critics say that these rules are not strict enough. According to a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature  there is limited evidence of effective conservation as a result.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	That said, in 2016, 75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable, according to the BBC. Many retailers and leading brands use it, but as a consumer, knowing which is which can be difficult. The RSPO has a logo, but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label. The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research.	That said, in 2016, 75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable, according to the BBC. Many retailers and leading brands use it, but as a consumer, knowing which is which can be difficult. The RSPO has a logo, but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label. The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research.
	That said, in 2016, 75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable, according to the BBC  Many retailers and leading brands use it, but as a consumer, knowing which is which can be difficult  The RSPO has a logo, but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label  The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research 
	That said, in 2016, 75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable, according to the BBC. Many retailers and leading brands use it, but as a consumer, knowing which is which can be difficult. The RSPO has a logo, but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label. The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research.
	That said, in 2016, 75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable, according to the BBC. Many retailers and leading brands use it, but as a consumer, knowing which is which can be difficult. The RSPO has a logo, but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label. The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research.
	That said  in 2016  75% of the total palm oil imports to the UK were sustainable  according to the BBC. Many retailers and leading brands use it  but as a consumer  knowing which is which can be difficult. The RSPO has a logo  but it rarely gets printed on the cosmetic6 label. The best we can do for now is check the ingredients carefully and do some research.