1 READ BOOKS FROM ERAS PAST ALBERT EINSTEINKeeping up with current events and the latest buzzworthy book from the bestseller list is no small feat1 but Albert Einstein thought it was vital to leave some room for older works too Otherwise youd be completely dependent on the prejudices and fashions of [your times he wrote in a 1952 journal article 1952Somebody who reads only newspapers and at best books of contemporary authors looks to me like an extremely nearsighted person who scorns eyeglasses he wrote 2 DONT JUMP TOO QUICKLY FROM BOOK TO BOOK SENECASeneca the Younger a firstcentury Roman Stoic2 philosopher and trusted advisor3 of Emperor Nero believed that reading too wide a variety in too short a time would keep the teachings from leaving a lasting4 impression on you You must linger among a limited number of master thinkers and digest their works if you would derive5 ideas which shall win firm hold in your mind he wrote in a letter to Roman writer Lucilius 3 SHOP AT SECONDHAND BOOKSTORES VIRGINIA WOOLFIn her essay Street Haunting Virginia Woolf described the merits of shopping in secondhand bookstores where the works have come together in vast flocks of variegated6 feather and have a charm which the domesticated7 volumes of the library lack According to Woolf browsing8 through used books gives you the chance to stumble upon something that wouldnt have risen to the attention of librarians and booksellers who are often much more selective in curating their collections than secondhand bookstore owners 4 YOU CAN SKIP OUTDATED9 SCIENTIFIC WORKS BUT NOT OLD LITERATURE EDWARD BULWERLYTTON19thcentury British novelist and Parliamentarian Edward BulwerLytton was a firm believer in the value of reading old literature 19In science read by preference the newest works; in literature the oldest he wrote in his 1863 essay collection Caxtoniana The classic literature is always modern New books revive and redecorate old ideas; old books suggest and invigorate new ideas 18635 CHECK OUT AUTHORS READING LISTS FOR BOOK RECOMMENDATIONS MORTIMER J ADLERJIn his 1940 guide How to Read a Book American philosopher Mortimer J Adler talked about the importance of choosing books that other authors consider worth reading The great authors were great readers he explained and one way to understand them is to read the books they read J19406 YOU GET TO MAKE THE FINAL DECISION ON HOW WHAT AND WHEN TO READ THEODORE ROOSEVELTTheodore Roosevelt rejected the idea that theres a definitive10 best books list that everyone should abide11 by Instead Roosevelt recommended choosing books on subjects that interest you and letting your mood guide you to your next great read He also wasnt one to roll his eyes at a happy ending explaining that there are enough horror and grimness and sordid12 squalor in real life with which an active man has to grapple s at a happy ending explaining that "there are enough horror and grimness and sordid12 squalor in real life with which an active man has to grapple "	·· the site and concluded that "netspeak  bad grammar and bad spelling are huge turn-offs".
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	On the other hand, the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac. Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates, says the research.	On the other hand, the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac. Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates, says the research.
	On the other hand, the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac  Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates, says the research 
	On the other hand, the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac. Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates, says the research.
	On the other hand, the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac. Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates, says the research.
	On the other hand  the correct use of apostrophes seems to be quite an aphrodisiac. Using "don't" and "won't" caused better than average response rates  says the research.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	American writer Twist Phelan, who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online, believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners. She says: "If you're trying to date a woman, I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose. But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward?"	American writer Twist Phelan, who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online, believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners. She says: "If you're trying to date a woman, I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose. But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward?"
	American writer Twist Phelan, who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online, believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners  She says: "If you're trying to date a woman, I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose  But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward?"
	American writer Twist Phelan, who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online, believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners. She says: "If you're trying to date a woman, I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose. But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward "
	American writer Twist Phelan, who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online, believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners. She says: "If you're trying to date a woman, I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose. But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward?"
	American writer Twist Phelan  who went on 100 online dates in 100 days and later married someone she met online  believes that grammar is an important "filter system" for prospective1 partners. She says: "If you're trying to date a woman  I don't expect flowery Jane Austen prose. But aren't you trying to put your best foot forward?"
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend. Am I right? You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful", "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet. Will it work? The research says it won't! The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship. People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line.	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend. Am I right? You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful", "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet. Will it work? The research says it won't! The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship. People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line.
	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend  Am I right? You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful", "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet  Will it work? The research says it won't! The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship  People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line 
	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend. Am I right  You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful", "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet. Will it work  The research says it won't! The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship. People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line.
	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend. Am I right? You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful", "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet. Will it work? The research says it won't  The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship. People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line.
	Perhaps you think you are ready to start looking for an English-speaking girlfriend or boyfriend. Am I right? You go online; look at the picture and start calling him or her "beautiful"  "gorgeous" and "sexy" before you meet. Will it work? The research says it won't! The wrong adjective can put a full stop on a potential relationship. People enjoy receiving compliments but not when they sound like a pick-up line.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	General compliments such as "cool", "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users.	General compliments such as "cool", "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users.
	General compliments such as "cool", "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users 
	General compliments such as "cool", "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users.
	General compliments such as "cool", "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users.
	General compliments such as "cool"  "it's nice that" and "awesome2" got good responses from the dating site users.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So now you are ready. Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3.	So now you are ready. Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3.
	So now you are ready  Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3 
	So now you are ready. Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3.
	So now you are ready. Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3.
	So now you are ready. Keep your wits about you because many things online are not what they seem; and watch your vocabulary and punctuation3.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat, my darling!" as opposed to "Let's eat my darling!"	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat, my darling!" as opposed to "Let's eat my darling!"
	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat, my darling!" as opposed to "Let's eat my darling!"
	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat, my darling!" as opposed to "Let's eat my darling!"
	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat, my darling " as opposed to "Let's eat my darling "
	Some say that a comma might even save lives - as in the example: "Let's eat  my darling!" as opposed to "Let's eat my darling!"
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail?	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail?
	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail?
	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail 
	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail?
	Can you see which one would grant you a meal with your date and which one would land you in jail?