Sometimes I cant sleep because a problem plays over and over in my mind Does this happen to you Psychologists who used the results of an online test conducted by the BBC and the University of Liverpool say that some selfreflection can be good But too much of it might lead to depression and anxiety the most common mental health problems in the UK Traumatic life events such as childhood bullying1 and abuse2 were the biggest cause of anxiety and depression according to the international study Next are family history income and education And completing the list of things that make us unhappy are relationship status and social inclusion Having thoughts stuck on replay in her head is something a woman called Teresa not her real name has struggled with for years Teresa says: I get angry with myself that negative thoughts run through my head After all these years I think I should realise that theyre not worth worrying about But it feels like they are always there in the background waiting to pop up She went to the doctor for help but was offered antidepressants Teresa didnt want to go down that road and tried to develop her own coping3 mechanisms4 over the years What makes her feel better is being in contact with nature The impact5 of mental health problems is huge According to the World Health Organization WHO they affect one person in every four during their lifetime In 2010 alone the issue is estimated6 to have cost 2 5 trillion globally by the World Economic Forum7 Dr Ellie Pontin a research associate at the University of Liverpool says its important to understand what the findings8 mean for the average person Its actually a really positive message and should give people hope she says The way you think and deal with things can be changed Maybe I can find a way of sleeping better now ged "	 	Maybe I can find a way of sleeping better now fferings to do jobs for someone like babysitting cleaning or giving someone a massage6 And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop 	 	Of course if you can't think of an original way to give a gift the alternative is to not buy anything at all You may be accused of being a 'Scrooge' but at least you're not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead  a more worthy8 cause But if this year you receive a present that's not to your liking9 don't be ungrateful and remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts' rawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity2. Without my peace, you would all be nothing."	Blue interrupted:" You only think about the earth, but consider the sky and the sea. It is the water that is the basis of life and drawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity2. Without my peace, you would all be nothing."
	Blue interrupted:" You only think about the earth, but consider the sky and the sea  It is the water that is the basis of life and drawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea  The sky gives space and peace and serenity2  Without my peace, you would all be nothing "
	Blue interrupted:" You only think about the earth, but consider the sky and the sea. It is the water that is the basis of life and drawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity2. Without my peace, you would all be nothing."
	Blue interrupted:" You only think about the earth, but consider the sky and the sea. It is the water that is the basis of life and drawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity2. Without my peace, you would all be nothing."
	Blue interrupted:" You only think about the earth  but consider the sky and the sea. It is the water that is the basis of life and drawn1 up by the clouds from the deep sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity2. Without my peace  you would all be nothing."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious. I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world. The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow. Every time you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would be no fun."	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious. I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world. The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow. Every time you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would be no fun."
	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious  I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world  The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow  Every time you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile  Without me there would be no fun "
	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious. I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world. The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow. Every time you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would be no fun."
	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious. I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world. The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow. Every time you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would be no fun."
	Yellow chuckled3:" You are all so serious. I bring laughter  gaiety  and warmth into the world. The sun is yellow  the moon is yellow  the stars are yellow. Every time you look at a sunflower  the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would be no fun."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce, but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think of carrots, pumpkins5, oranges, mangoes, and papayas. I don't hang around all the time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you."	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce, but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think of carrots, pumpkins5, oranges, mangoes, and papayas. I don't hang around all the time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you."
	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength  I may be scarce, but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life  I carry the most important vitamins  Think of carrots, pumpkins5, oranges, mangoes, and papayas  I don't hang around all the time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you "
	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce, but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think of carrots, pumpkins5, oranges, mangoes, and papayas. I don't hang around all the time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you."
	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce, but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think of carrots, pumpkins5, oranges, mangoes, and papayas. I don't hang around all the time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you."
	Orange started next to blow her trumpet4:" I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce  but I am precious for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think of carrots  pumpkins5  oranges  mangoes  and papayas. I don't hang around all the time  but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset  my beauty is so striking that no one gives another thought to any of you."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the blood. Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy."	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the blood. Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy."
	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you  I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of danger and of bravery  I am willing to fight for a cause  I bring fire into the blood  Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon  I am the color of passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy "
	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the blood. Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy."
	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood  I am the color of danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the blood. Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy."
	Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:" I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the blood. Without me  the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of passion and of love  the red rose  the poinsettia and the poppy."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power. Kings, chiefs, and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom. People do not question me! They listen and obey."	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power. Kings, chiefs, and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom. People do not question me! They listen and obey."
	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power  Kings, chiefs, and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom  People do not question me! They listen and obey "
	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power. Kings, chiefs, and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom. People do not question me! They listen and obey."
	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power. Kings, chiefs, and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom. People do not question me  They listen and obey."
	Purple rose up to his full height:He was very tall and spoke6 with great pomp:" I am the color of royalty7 and power. Kings  chiefs  and bishops8 have always chosen me for I am the sign of authority and wisdom. People do not question me! They listen and obey."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Finally Indigo9 spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just as much determination:" Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly notice me, but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and reflection, twilight10 and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast, for prayer and inner peace."	Finally Indigo9 spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just as much determination:" Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly notice me, but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and reflection, twilight10 and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast, for prayer and inner peace."
	Finally Indigo9 spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just as much determination:" Think of me  I am the color of silence  You hardly notice me, but without me you all become superficial  I represent thought and reflection, twilight10 and deep water  You need me for balance and contrast, for prayer and inner peace "
	Finally Indigo9 spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just as much determination:" Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly notice me, but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and reflection, twilight10 and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast, for prayer and inner peace."
	Finally Indigo9 spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just as much determination:" Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly notice me, but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and reflection, twilight10 and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast, for prayer and inner peace."
	Finally Indigo9 spoke  much more quietly than all the others  but with just as much determination:" Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly notice me  but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and reflection  twilight10 and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast  for prayer and inner peace."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder.	And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder.
	And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority  Their quarreling became louder and louder 
	And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder.
	And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder.
	And so the colors went on boasting  each convinced of his or her own superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to pour down relentlessly11. The colors crouched12 down in fear, drawing close to one another for comfort.	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to pour down relentlessly11. The colors crouched12 down in fear, drawing close to one another for comfort.
	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed  Rain started to pour down relentlessly11  The colors crouched12 down in fear, drawing close to one another for comfort 
	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to pour down relentlessly11. The colors crouched12 down in fear, drawing close to one another for comfort.
	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to pour down relentlessly11. The colors crouched12 down in fear, drawing close to one another for comfort.
	Suddenly there was a startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to pour down relentlessly11. The colors crouched12 down in fear  drawing close to one another for comfort.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:" You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique and different? Join hands with one another and come to me."	In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:" You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique and different? Join hands with one another and come to me."
	In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:" You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate the rest  Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique and different? Join hands with one another and come to me "
	In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:" You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique and different  Join hands with one another and come to me."
	In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:" You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique and different? Join hands with one another and come to me."
	In the midst of the clamor  rain began to speak:" You foolish colors  fighting amongst yourselves  each trying to dominate the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose  unique and different? Join hands with one another and come to me."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands.	Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands.
	Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands 
	Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands.
	Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands.
	Doing as they were told  the colors united and joined hands.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	The rain continued:" From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another.	The rain continued:" From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another.
	The rain continued:" From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace  The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow " And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another 
	The rain continued:" From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another.
	The rain continued:" From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another.
	The rain continued:" From now on  when it rains  each of you will stretch across the sky in a great bow of color as a reminder13 that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so  whenever a good rain washes the world  and a Rainbow appears in the sky  let us remember to appreciate one another.