		There are two types of people in this world The first type is like foxes The other type is like hedgehogs 	 	A fox knows many trivial things And they can do a lot of stuff 	 	They are not among the top experts of any fields But they know some things in almost every field 	 	They understand how complicated the world is and they integrate themselves with this complicated system deeply 	 	They often jump from one field into another and bring there some sparks of innovation 	 	On the other hand a hedgehog knows only one important thing 	 	They tend to induct every complicated thing they encounter into the only system that they understand 	 	Because of this they are usually only involved in a limited number of fields But they usually know these fields very well 	 	This is just like the hedgehogs in the nature No matter what situation they come to meet the only solution they choose will be curling up into a ball 	 	This is not a clever choice but it really works in front of most dangers 	 	So which one are you 	 	Are you a fox Or are you a hedgehog 	  filled me with the joy of living are goodness beauty and truth To make a goal of comfort and happiness has never appealed to me; a system of ethics7 built on this basis would be sufficient only for a herd8 of cattle  That was what attracted me to her  She was     so different "	 	"What were you like " I asked 	 	"Like  Much as I am now  Nose in books  bit of a loner  Not very interesting  Not for a live wire like she was "	 	"Go on " I said 	 	"She fell pregnant  I was very happy until she told me she didn't want my help  Thought she'd change her mind  though  as the pregnancy3 advanced but when I attempted to see her  she told me to leave her be  I was very hurt but accepted her refusal to involve me  A few months later  I took a job I'd been offered in New York  Salary was dreadful but I thought it would be for the best "	 	"Was it  " I asked 	 	"No  When I returned  they'd moved  Left no forwarding address "s a huge no-no in a relationship  said Whetstone 
	 
	8  "I barely know him -- he's just someone I work with "
	 
	It's almost inevitable3 that you or your partner will develop a small  innocent crush on someone at some point during your marriage  If that happens  be upfront about it  Don't try to sweep it under the rug with a statement that minimizes your feelings  said Wahlgast 
	 
	Though it may be an uncomfortable subject to broach4  ultimately  Wahlgast said being transparent5 about your feelings "will create more openness with your partner  You'll each feel more comfortable bringing up other taboo6 subjects in a kind and respectful way "
	 
	9  "You shouldn't feel that way "
	 
	There's nothing more belittling7 or condescending8 than telling your spouse what he should or shouldn't be feeling in any given situation  Rodman said 
	 
	10  "Don't wait up for me "
	 
	This seemingly innocent remark suggests you're not going to bed at the same time  a habit that can be damaging to your relationship  said Wahlgast d Taki met with each other  tears welled from our eyes 
	，。，。
	 
	“What had caught my interest so much is now a mystery to me  But at a point  I was inexplicably8 drawn to the events surrounding that comet9 ”
	“，，。”
	 
	“I feel like I am always searching for something  for someone ”
	“，。”
	 
	She liked him  so her heart was hurt deeply when he went for the date that she designed 
	，，。
	 
	He adored10 her  so he spared no efforts to save her life when he knew she would die for the fall of the comet 
	，，，。
	 
	Sadly  although he kept repeating her name  he still forgot it 
	，。
	 
	Although he failed to write down her name  the “I love you” remained on her hand  Perhaps there are bounds between people，which is hard to explain  When Taki turned around to ask Mitsuha whether they had met before  they asked at the same time ” what’s your name ” It might be a fiction story  but the feeling is true 
	，“”。。：“？”----“？”，。
	 
	Your Name  is cure for those who have lost faith in true love  Whenever we are overwhelmed11 by some invisible pressure  we crave12 for the love we once had  we crave for the person that we once eat dinner and watch movies together  We all need someone to share things with in our life  We are on a great journey 
	《》。，，，，，。，，，，，，，。
	 
	We need someone to be there for us when we are tired and want to give up  Whenever we realize that there is someone we miss so much deep inside  take a deep breath and carry on for I believe there is always a shelter for my soul  So there are plenty of strong –minded people who are brave enough to fight for love once more time  no matter what they met before or how heart-broken they were  All the seeking is for happiness  See  among all these people  we are able to find each other 
	，，，。。
	 
	For this time  I strongly believe that there will be the one who keeps searching for us from dawn to dusk To you  please believe that we must reunite in the future  even if I forget your name  One thing is certain  If we see each other  we will know 
	，，。，，，。，，，，。