You may well have heard of the term spring cleaning: the act of giving your house a deep clean in the spring months Even though for many of us that ritual of a onceayear blitz of dirt and grime is dying out some of us still practise it However there could be a good reason the tradition isnt as popular as it was The spring months are associated with new life and warmth a stark1 contrast to the cold gloomy winter that preceded For protection against the freezing weather outside people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in In a time when many houses had fireplaces open fires would churn out smoke and soot2 coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring when the weather was warmer and windows opened to freshen up their houses swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls However open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke And its not just the way of heating our homes that has changed In the past cleaning was designated to specific times and days as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient However psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise So while the tradition is still there and its nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while it is no longer as necessary or limited to just the spring That said the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a onceayear purge of unnecessary items rather than dirt can make you feel much better dirt can make you feel much better r  are misbehaving get a warning but if they carry on they have to sit on a step After waiting one minute for every year of their age they have to apologise for what they've done 	 	The best measure of the success of each technique might be how the baby has turned out If you are good and happy who is to say your parents' method was wrong urvey has shown that hard work is not the only thing that will help you to move up the ladder. Two thirds of people believe that who you know matters more than what you know when it comes to social mobility2. So are the connections that you have more important than your education?
	But a government survey has shown that hard work is not the only thing that will help you to move up the ladder  Two thirds of people believe that who you know matters more than what you know when it comes to social mobility2  So are the connections that you have more important than your education?
	But a government survey has shown that hard work is not the only thing that will help you to move up the ladder. Two thirds of people believe that who you know matters more than what you know when it comes to social mobility2. So are the connections that you have more important than your education 
	But a government survey has shown that hard work is not the only thing that will help you to move up the ladder. Two thirds of people believe that who you know matters more than what you know when it comes to social mobility2. So are the connections that you have more important than your education?
	But a government survey has shown that hard work is not the only thing that will help you to move up the ladder. Two thirds of people believe that who you know matters more than what you know when it comes to social mobility2. So are the connections that you have more important than your education?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success. They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth, you are more likely to have a successful career, especially if your family is wealthy. Are some people just handed life on a plate?	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success. They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth, you are more likely to have a successful career, especially if your family is wealthy. Are some people just handed life on a plate?
	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success  They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth, you are more likely to have a successful career, especially if your family is wealthy  Are some people just handed life on a plate?
	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success. They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth, you are more likely to have a successful career, especially if your family is wealthy. Are some people just handed life on a plate 
	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success. They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth, you are more likely to have a successful career, especially if your family is wealthy. Are some people just handed life on a plate?
	Seventy six per cent of people in the survey believed that family background is important in influencing your chances of success. They believe that if you are privileged3 from birth  you are more likely to have a successful career  especially if your family is wealthy. Are some people just handed life on a plate?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Even if you don't have a privileged background, the people you know can still make a difference to your career. Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4. Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people, to communicate and build relationships. Its a valuable skill.	Even if you don't have a privileged background, the people you know can still make a difference to your career. Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4. Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people, to communicate and build relationships. Its a valuable skill.
	Even if you don't have a privileged background, the people you know can still make a difference to your career  Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4  Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people, to communicate and build relationships  Its a valuable skill 
	Even if you don't have a privileged background, the people you know can still make a difference to your career. Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4. Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people, to communicate and build relationships. Its a valuable skill.
	Even if you don't have a privileged background, the people you know can still make a difference to your career. Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4. Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people, to communicate and build relationships. Its a valuable skill.
	Even if you don't have a privileged background  the people you know can still make a difference to your career. Networking is a skill which is encouraged by many careers advisers4. Some companies run networking workshops to try and encourage staff to meet other people  to communicate and build relationships. Its a valuable skill.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting. Although most people believed that networks are more important than education, many people put their own career success down to talent, rather than background. 41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life, but at the same time, another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success.	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting. Although most people believed that networks are more important than education, many people put their own career success down to talent, rather than background. 41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life, but at the same time, another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success.
	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting  Although most people believed that networks are more important than education, many people put their own career success down to talent, rather than background  41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life, but at the same time, another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success 
	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting. Although most people believed that networks are more important than education, many people put their own career success down to talent, rather than background. 41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life, but at the same time, another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success.
	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting. Although most people believed that networks are more important than education, many people put their own career success down to talent, rather than background. 41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life, but at the same time, another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success.
	But the survey also revealed5 something quite interesting. Although most people believed that networks are more important than education  many people put their own career success down to talent  rather than background. 41% of people said that their parents' income had influenced their life  but at the same time  another 41% believed that they had engineered their own success.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So which is the more important, what you know or who you know? It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections, the answer may be that both are very important.	So which is the more important, what you know or who you know? It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections, the answer may be that both are very important.
	So which is the more important, what you know or who you know? It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections, the answer may be that both are very important 
	So which is the more important, what you know or who you know  It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections, the answer may be that both are very important.
	So which is the more important, what you know or who you know? It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections, the answer may be that both are very important.
	So which is the more important  what you know or who you know? It seems that by working hard and making lots of connections  the answer may be that both are very important.