Its that time of year when many of us spend money buying gifts for family and friends We spend hours even days searching the shops and websites trying to find the right present for someone a pair of socks perfume a new gadget1 only to find the recipient2 already has it or theyve been given it already Or worse they just dont like it which makes me think Are we wasting our time and money There is so much stuff in the world already and so much waste that maybe when it comes to Christmas giving we need to think outside the box use our imagination and be more creative with our generosity3 This is particularly true for children who tend to receive mountains of toys some of which end up not even being looked at One idea is to implement4 a onegift rule so that children dont grow up spoiled Getting too many gifts can also send out the wrong message Speaking to BBC online clinical psychologist Linda Blair says When we are given a lot we expect to receive a lot even if its only at Christmas and on birthdays it will impact on childrens attitudes She also suggests If you want to give a gift give your time She makes a good point for children and adults alike when it comes to giving think about offering something other than a material object that may get forgotten discarded or regifted Buying an experience is one alternative a chance for someone to try something out and do something different It will cost you money but for the recipient it could be an opportunity to try something they could not normally afford or would not have thought about doing It would therefore be memorable5 and hopefully much appreciated Another practical gift could be to buy someone lessons giving them a chance to learn new skills such as horse riding or learning English And there are what are called favours moneycantbuy offerings to do jobs for someone like babysitting cleaning or giving someone a massage6 And there is always the fallback of giving vouchers7 to spend in a shop Of course if you cant think of an original way to give a gift the alternative is to not buy anything at all You may be accused of being a Scrooge but at least youre not wasting money on pointless gifts and you could give the money to charity instead a more worthy8 cause But if this year you receive a present thats not to your liking9 dont be ungrateful and remember the ageold saying that its the thought that counts remember the age-old saying that 'it's the thought that counts' ts'  allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick, cheap but silent ways. A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone.	I don't mean we have taken up letter writing again. Although a handwritten letter has a personal touch, sending it by snail1 mail is too slow to satisfy our desire to keep in touch immediately. But what our smartphones now allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick, cheap but silent ways. A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone.
	I don't mean we have taken up letter writing again  Although a handwritten letter has a personal touch, sending it by snail1 mail is too slow to satisfy our desire to keep in touch immediately  But what our smartphones now allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick, cheap but silent ways  A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone 
	I don't mean we have taken up letter writing again. Although a handwritten letter has a personal touch, sending it by snail1 mail is too slow to satisfy our desire to keep in touch immediately. But what our smartphones now allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick, cheap but silent ways. A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone.
	I don't mean we have taken up letter writing again. Although a handwritten letter has a personal touch, sending it by snail1 mail is too slow to satisfy our desire to keep in touch immediately. But what our smartphones now allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick, cheap but silent ways. A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone.
	I don't mean we have taken up letter writing again. Although a handwritten letter has a personal touch  sending it by snail1 mail is too slow to satisfy our desire to keep in touch immediately. But what our smartphones now allow us to do is enable us to communicate in any number of quick  cheap but silent ways. A study in the UK a few years ago found 49 per cent of teenagers preferred to send a text rather than speak to someone.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Certainly sending an SMS, text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say, and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis. It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone, although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text! Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train.	Certainly sending an SMS, text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say, and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis. It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone, although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text! Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train.
	Certainly sending an SMS, text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say, and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis  It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone, although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text! Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train 
	Certainly sending an SMS, text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say, and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis. It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone, although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text! Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train.
	Certainly sending an SMS, text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say, and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis. It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone, although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text  Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train.
	Certainly sending an SMS  text or message via a chat app means we can compose what we want to say  and we can be more efficient in saying it  especially if we express ourselves by using emojis. It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone  although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text! Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries. A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4. Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication, you lose another way that sense is being conveyed."	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries. A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4. Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication, you lose another way that sense is being conveyed."
	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries  A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4  Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication, you lose another way that sense is being conveyed "
	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries. A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4. Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication, you lose another way that sense is being conveyed."
	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries. A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4. Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication, you lose another way that sense is being conveyed."
	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries. A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4. Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication  you lose another way that sense is being conveyed."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do. Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you? It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say!	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do. Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you? It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say!
	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do  Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you? It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say!
	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do. Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you  It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say!
	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do. Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you? It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say 
	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do. Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you? It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say!