Blackberry Bay by Jo Malone London is a Floral Fruity fragrance1 for women It was launched in 2012 The nose behind this fragrance is Fabrice Pellegrin The fragrance features grapefruit floral notes vetiver cedar2 blackberry and bay leaf 2012Fabrice PellegrinThis is a pretty and nonoffensive citrusblackberry scent3 In the opening I get only a small whiff of the bay leaf and then its tart4 and kinda sour As its mellowing5 the blackberry starts coming through followed by grapefruit nuances As its dried I get more grapefruit on my skin vs blackberry Its nice for spring or summer days as I found it to be quite refreshing6 I love a lot of Jo Malone fragrances7 but I probably wont purchase this one Longevity8 is very weak plus I like my blackberry fragrances a bit on the warmer side For me its not worth the price tag as there are better blackberry perfumes out there If youre a diehard Jo Malone fan then go for it Jo Malone fan then go for it 	we express ourselves by using emojis It can also be quicker than having to chat with someone although I feel you can still end up wasting time by having a full discussion by text Text messaging also allows privacy2  other people can't overhear3 your text if you're in a public place such as on a train 	 	But texting instead of talking can seem antisocial; we may even forget the art of pleasantries A text can be misinterpreted too because you miss out on a speaker's intonation4 Neuroscientist Professor Sophie Scott told the BBC: "We always speak with melody5 and intonation to our voice you take that channel of information out of communication you lose another way that sense is being conveyed "	 	Of course texting and talking is the worst thing to do Who deserves your attention when two people are communicating with you It's then we have to decide who has the most interesting thing to say dirt and grime is dying out  some of us still practise it. However  there could be a good reason the tradition isn't as popular as it was.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold, gloomy winter that preceded. For protection against the freezing weather outside, people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in. In a time when many houses had fireplaces, open fires would churn out smoke and soot2, coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk.	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold, gloomy winter that preceded. For protection against the freezing weather outside, people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in. In a time when many houses had fireplaces, open fires would churn out smoke and soot2, coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk.
	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold, gloomy winter that preceded  For protection against the freezing weather outside, people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in  In a time when many houses had fireplaces, open fires would churn out smoke and soot2, coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk 
	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold, gloomy winter that preceded. For protection against the freezing weather outside, people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in. In a time when many houses had fireplaces, open fires would churn out smoke and soot2, coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk.
	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold, gloomy winter that preceded. For protection against the freezing weather outside, people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in. In a time when many houses had fireplaces, open fires would churn out smoke and soot2, coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk.
	The spring months are associated with new life and warmth  a stark1 contrast to the cold  gloomy winter that preceded. For protection against the freezing weather outside  people would seal their doors and windows as best they could to keep the heat in. In a time when many houses had fireplaces  open fires would churn out smoke and soot2  coating rooms with layers of muck and gunk.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring, when the weather was warmer and windows opened, to freshen up their houses, swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls. However, open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes, with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke. And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed. In the past, cleaning was designated to specific times and days, as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time. The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient.   	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring, when the weather was warmer and windows opened, to freshen up their houses, swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls. However, open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes, with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke. And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed. In the past, cleaning was designated to specific times and days, as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time. The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient.   
	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring, when the weather was warmer and windows opened, to freshen up their houses, swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls  However, open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes, with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke  And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed  In the past, cleaning was designated to specific times and days, as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time  The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient    
	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring, when the weather was warmer and windows opened, to freshen up their houses, swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls. However, open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes, with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke. And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed. In the past, cleaning was designated to specific times and days, as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time. The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient.   
	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring, when the weather was warmer and windows opened, to freshen up their houses, swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls. However, open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes, with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke. And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed. In the past, cleaning was designated to specific times and days, as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time. The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient.   
	It therefore made sense for people to start cleaning in the spring  when the weather was warmer and windows opened  to freshen up their houses  swabbing the floors and cleaning the walls. However  open fires are no longer commonplace in modern British homes  with people preferring central heating to filthy3 smoke. And it's not just the way of heating our homes that has changed. In the past  cleaning was designated to specific times and days  as simple chores like washing clothes took a long time. The rise of gadgets4 such as the washing machine means that tasks are quicker and more efficient.   
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	However, psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader, argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive. The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise.	However, psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader, argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive. The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise.
	However, psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader, argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive  The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise 
	However, psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader, argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive. The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise.
	However, psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader, argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive. The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise.
	However  psychologists such as Dr Jonathan Fader  argue that the mental health benefits of clearing the house of mess means that a spring clean is hugely positive. The perception of your house being cluttered5 can cause the stress hormone6 cortisol to rise.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So, while the tradition is still there, and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while, it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring. That said, the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items, rather than dirt, can make you feel much better.	So, while the tradition is still there, and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while, it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring. That said, the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items, rather than dirt, can make you feel much better.
	So, while the tradition is still there, and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while, it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring  That said, the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items, rather than dirt, can make you feel much better 
	So, while the tradition is still there, and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while, it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring. That said, the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items, rather than dirt, can make you feel much better.
	So, while the tradition is still there, and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while, it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring. That said, the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items, rather than dirt, can make you feel much better.
	So  while the tradition is still there  and it's nice to have a big purge7 of dirt once in a while  it is no longer as necessary  or limited to just the spring. That said  the psychological benefits of having a tidy home means that a once-a-year purge of unnecessary items  rather than dirt  can make you feel much better.