I feel a bit sad today because Im homesick I miss the delicious plates of pasta with a special sauce my mother used to make She was a great cook But I work abroad and I have to cope1 with the occasional2 feeling of nostalgia3 The footballer Jesus Navas suffers badly He is moving from Seville to Manchester City but for years he could hardly leave his hometown Anxiety attacks forced the player out of training camps They say he has overcome his homesickness through counselling These days people often relocate to another country to study or to work Many find it difficult to adapt though According to research by the University of Warwick Counselling Service up to 70 of adults experience homesickness at some point in their lives It can have similar symptoms to depression says psychologist Dr Caroline Schuster Almost anything can trigger4 homesickness a smell a taste even a colour reminds them of home Mohammed Barakat sent us a message on Facebook about his longing5 for the smell of rain and green during the Sudanese rainy season Mari Damian misses the smell of Christmas cakes Homesickness is not something new The ancient Greek poem Homers Odyssey6 talked about it But the modern term was created in the 17th Century to describe the feelings of Swiss mercenaries who longed for their homeland while fighting elsewhere7 in Europe According to Dr Susan Matt who wrote a book about the subject people used to see it as a dangerous disease8 Modern technology can limit the feeling of isolation9 allowing people to keep in touch with loved ones Social psychologist Dr Gary Wood says Skype is a lifeline because it can allow grandparents a world away to watch their grandchildren grow up But people should not allow homesickness to stop them living in the present I follow advice given by Dr Wood: I write down three new things that Ive been grateful for every night as well as three things Im looking forward to every morning What about you: what do you miss when you are away from home and family miss when you are away from home and family ural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget. The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home, with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds. A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1. And average sales last year were up on the previous year.	Houseplants, also known as pot plants, have Instagram-friendly appeal; add a natural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget. The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home, with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds. A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1. And average sales last year were up on the previous year.
	Houseplants, also known as pot plants, have Instagram-friendly appeal; add a natural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget  The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home, with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds  A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1  And average sales last year were up on the previous year 
	Houseplants, also known as pot plants, have Instagram-friendly appeal; add a natural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget. The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home, with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds. A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1. And average sales last year were up on the previous year.
	Houseplants, also known as pot plants, have Instagram-friendly appeal; add a natural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget. The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home, with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds. A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1. And average sales last year were up on the previous year.
	Houseplants  also known as pot plants  have Instagram-friendly appeal; add a natural touch and they have the ability to brighten up a room on a budget. The Royal Horticultural Society found that nearly 72% of adults in the UK had a houseplant in their home  with this figure rising to 80% of 16-24 year olds. A fifth of owners also said they use plants in the home to boost their health and well-being1. And average sales last year were up on the previous year.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants. According to research by The Economist3, more young people are living in flats without a garden. 24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle."	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants. According to research by The Economist3, more young people are living in flats without a garden. 24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle."
	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants  According to research by The Economist3, more young people are living in flats without a garden  24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle "
	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants. According to research by The Economist3, more young people are living in flats without a garden. 24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle."
	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants. According to research by The Economist3, more young people are living in flats without a garden. 24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle."
	It seems millennials are driving the growth in the sales of houseplants. According to research by The Economist3  more young people are living in flats without a garden. 24 year-old Daisy Hale told the BBC "being able to care for something but not having too much commitment - I guess that's a classic millennial2 line - is ideal for my lifestyle."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	From hanging baskets, to cacti4 and succulent ferns, the choice of vegetation is endless. They are easy to care for, and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home.  But whatever their benefits, there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment.  Some are bought online and shipped from overseas. Fay Kenworthy, co-founder of PlantSwap, a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally, told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'".	From hanging baskets, to cacti4 and succulent ferns, the choice of vegetation is endless. They are easy to care for, and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home.  But whatever their benefits, there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment.  Some are bought online and shipped from overseas. Fay Kenworthy, co-founder of PlantSwap, a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally, told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'".
	From hanging baskets, to cacti4 and succulent ferns, the choice of vegetation is endless  They are easy to care for, and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home   But whatever their benefits, there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment   Some are bought online and shipped from overseas  Fay Kenworthy, co-founder of PlantSwap, a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally, told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'" 
	From hanging baskets, to cacti4 and succulent ferns, the choice of vegetation is endless. They are easy to care for, and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home.  But whatever their benefits, there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment.  Some are bought online and shipped from overseas. Fay Kenworthy, co-founder of PlantSwap, a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally, told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'".
	From hanging baskets, to cacti4 and succulent ferns, the choice of vegetation is endless. They are easy to care for, and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home.  But whatever their benefits, there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment.  Some are bought online and shipped from overseas. Fay Kenworthy, co-founder of PlantSwap, a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally, told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'".
	From hanging baskets  to cacti4 and succulent ferns  the choice of vegetation is endless. They are easy to care for  and there have been unproven claims that they improve the air quality in our home.  But whatever their benefits  there are now concerns that they might not be so good for the environment.  Some are bought online and shipped from overseas. Fay Kenworthy  co-founder of PlantSwap  a community initiative that encourages people to trade plants locally  told the BBC "this could rack up 'plant miles'".
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car. Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact, others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in. However, a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes.	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car. Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact, others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in. However, a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes.
	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car  Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact, others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in  However, a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes 
	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car. Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact, others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in. However, a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes.
	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car. Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact, others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in. However, a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes.
	But botanist5 and BBC presenter6 James Wong argues that home delivery has less of an environmental impact than multiple trips to the garden centre in a car. Although he's not too concerned about the environmental impact  others are worried about the plastic pots they are in and the type of peat that some of them are grown in. However  a sustainable approach to buying them may be the best way forward if we want to introduce some natural greenery into our homes.