If you could travel in time where would you go Perhaps you would watch an original performance of a Shakespeare play in Elizabethan England What about hanging out with Laozi in the Spring and Autumn period Or maybe youd voyage far ahead of the present day to see what the future holds The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine written by HG Wells in 1895 about a contraption that transports people into the far future But could time travel actually be possible Some scientists say yes in theory They propose1 using cracks in time and space called wormholes which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods Einsteins theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship going at nearly the speed of light Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task Even if you could travel into the past there is something called the grandfather paradox6 It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born If the time traveller wasnt born how would he travel back in time And would you really like to visit the future In HG Wellss book the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7 He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8 If thats whats in store maybe we are better just living in the present day after all etter just living in the present day after all  ght8 Honoré de Balzac and German composer Ludwig van Beethoven are said to have liked it a lot 	 	American film-maker David Lynch ate at the same Los Angeles diner every day for seven years He drank up to seven cups of coffee with lots of sugar every time which he said would guarantee him "lots of ideas" 	 	What about you: Does coffee fill you with ideas Is it an important part of your social life , 'honesty is the best policy', was written back in the 1700s by American statesman, Benjamin Franklin. We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way, is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous? For example, in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in. This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount.	This proverb, 'honesty is the best policy', was written back in the 1700s by American statesman, Benjamin Franklin. We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way, is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous? For example, in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in. This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount.
	This proverb, 'honesty is the best policy', was written back in the 1700s by American statesman, Benjamin Franklin  We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way, is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous? For example, in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in  This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount 
	This proverb, 'honesty is the best policy', was written back in the 1700s by American statesman, Benjamin Franklin. We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way, is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous  For example, in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in. This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount.
	This proverb, 'honesty is the best policy', was written back in the 1700s by American statesman, Benjamin Franklin. We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way, is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous? For example, in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in. This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount.
	This proverb  'honesty is the best policy'  was written back in the 1700s by American statesman  Benjamin Franklin. We may agree that owning up to our mistakes and behaving in a genuine and decent way  is the right way to lead our lives but is there something in our human nature that makes us unscrupulous? For example  in some shops and car parks you can find an honesty box  a box where you pay for something by putting money in it  but it relies on you putting the right amount of cash in. This relies on people being honest and not trying to cheat but it does provide a temptation to get away with not paying the full amount.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Philip Graves, a psychologist, and author of the book Consumerology, suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution. He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest. It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us, we have a greater chance of surviving."	Philip Graves, a psychologist, and author of the book Consumerology, suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution. He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest. It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us, we have a greater chance of surviving."
	Philip Graves, a psychologist, and author of the book Consumerology, suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution  He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest  It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us, we have a greater chance of surviving "
	Philip Graves, a psychologist, and author of the book Consumerology, suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution. He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest. It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us, we have a greater chance of surviving."
	Philip Graves, a psychologist, and author of the book Consumerology, suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution. He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest. It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us, we have a greater chance of surviving."
	Philip Graves  a psychologist  and author of the book Consumerology  suggests that this temptation is part of our evolution. He says: "We have evolved with the capacity to be dishonest. It's part of our evolutionary1 psychological make up  because if we can gain an advantage over the people around us  we have a greater chance of surviving."
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest? It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like. If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time, the world would be a very unpleasant place. As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest, so to speak, and the risk of being ostracised by the group." So, for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest.	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest? It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like. If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time, the world would be a very unpleasant place. As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest, so to speak, and the risk of being ostracised by the group." So, for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest.
	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest? It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like  If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time, the world would be a very unpleasant place  As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest, so to speak, and the risk of being ostracised by the group " So, for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest 
	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest  It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like. If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time, the world would be a very unpleasant place. As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest, so to speak, and the risk of being ostracised by the group." So, for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest.
	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest? It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like. If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time, the world would be a very unpleasant place. As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest, so to speak, and the risk of being ostracised by the group." So, for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest.
	So why do we place such importance on being honest if we benefit from being dishonest? It's because it is selfish behaviour  which other members of our social group won't like. If everybody acted selfishly and dishonestly all the time  the world would be a very unpleasant place. As Philip Graves says: "There is a balance to strike between the extent to which we can feather our own nest  so to speak  and the risk of being ostracised by the group." So  for societies to work together we need to trust each other and therefore we need to be honest.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud. But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water. However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from. The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty, do you want to know what people think about you? Is honesty always the best policy?!	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud. But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water. However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from. The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty, do you want to know what people think about you? Is honesty always the best policy?!
	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud  But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water  However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from  The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty, do you want to know what people think about you? Is honesty always the best policy?!
	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud. But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water. However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from. The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty, do you want to know what people think about you  Is honesty always the best policy !
	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud. But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water. However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from. The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty, do you want to know what people think about you? Is honesty always the best policy? 
	Being trustworthy with money is of course crucial for an economy to survive and there are laws to protect us from dishonest practices like corruption2 and fraud. But being honest with words is another matter; saying what we think to someone can get us into hot water. However a new anonymous3 messaging app has been designed that lets anyone with a link to your profile to send you a message without knowing who it's from. The app now has 300 million users which perhaps indicates how honest we really like to be  but in all honesty  do you want to know what people think about you? Is honesty always the best policy?!