44Do you usually go dutch when you take someone out to dinner Do you expect your date to pay for the whole meal Many people say that as long as theres love money doesnt matter much But this might change when the relationship gets serious and it can involve mortgages joint1 current accounts and debt A survey in the UK suggested that 44 of married couples dont know exactly what their spouse2 earns The research conducted by a UK credit report service also found that an astonishing 1 9 million married couples actively3 try to keep their finances secret from their partners British relationship therapist Arabella Russell says: Its very difficult to talk about money Often theres guilt4 theres shame To start those conversations is complicated Money can be about how we value ourselves how we feel valued Its not just a simple case of talking about hard cash So if you are in a couple it might be a good idea to check if you both are on the same page about money before bills pile up on the kitchen table and love flies out of the window When moving in together couples should not only talk about their personal habits but also about their financial ones Arabella Russell has a word of advice: Accept the fact that in your relationship you might do money differently there might be a spender there might be a saver Its very tempting5 if your partner does things differently to say theyre wrong Do it differently but have a budget And now back to that date Would you be put off by someone who was attractive but expected you to pay the bill by yourself Theres food for thoughtthe bill by yourself There's food for thoughttbserved a strange phenomenon in a dish used to grow microbes He noticed a bacteria free circle around a growth of mould and realised that the mould was acting11 as an antibiotic killing12 the bacteria around it 	 	Maybe being absent-minded isn't a problem as long as you have the curiosity of a scientist Get used to observing your surroundings Who knows where it might lead a high value on independence  such as Northern Europe and the US  revealed they would be less likely to tell a colleague about their loneliness  But in cultures where extended family is often emphasised  such as in Southern Europe  Latin America  Asia and Africa  older women in particular were at lower risk of feeling lonely 't exclusive to this platform. Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone. Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life. While some of us may try to escape these people, according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole, this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone. But how does this translate to social media?	What is oversharing? The term has become associated with social media, but it isn't exclusive to this platform. Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone. Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life. While some of us may try to escape these people, according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole, this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone. But how does this translate to social media?
	What is oversharing? The term has become associated with social media, but it isn't exclusive to this platform  Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone  Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life  While some of us may try to escape these people, according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole, this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone  But how does this translate to social media?
	What is oversharing  The term has become associated with social media, but it isn't exclusive to this platform. Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone. Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life. While some of us may try to escape these people, according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole, this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone. But how does this translate to social media 
	What is oversharing? The term has become associated with social media, but it isn't exclusive to this platform. Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone. Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life. While some of us may try to escape these people, according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole, this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone. But how does this translate to social media?
	What is oversharing? The term has become associated with social media  but it isn't exclusive to this platform. Imagine you head to a party and you meet someone. Within five minutes they have divulged1 intimate details about their life. While some of us may try to escape these people  according to marriage therapist Carolyn Cole  this form of oversharing could come from a strong desire to connect with someone. But how does this translate to social media?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Dr Christopher Hand, a lecturer in cyberpsychology, says the more details people disclose, the less sympathy we express when things go wrong. This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them. It seems that sadfishing, the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing, is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be.	Dr Christopher Hand, a lecturer in cyberpsychology, says the more details people disclose, the less sympathy we express when things go wrong. This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them. It seems that sadfishing, the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing, is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be.
	Dr Christopher Hand, a lecturer in cyberpsychology, says the more details people disclose, the less sympathy we express when things go wrong  This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them  It seems that sadfishing, the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing, is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be 
	Dr Christopher Hand, a lecturer in cyberpsychology, says the more details people disclose, the less sympathy we express when things go wrong. This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them. It seems that sadfishing, the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing, is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be.
	Dr Christopher Hand, a lecturer in cyberpsychology, says the more details people disclose, the less sympathy we express when things go wrong. This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them. It seems that sadfishing, the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing, is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be.
	Dr Christopher Hand  a lecturer in cyberpsychology  says the more details people disclose  the less sympathy we express when things go wrong. This could be due to a belief that we attract our own negative experiences the more we share them. It seems that sadfishing  the idea of searching for sympathy by oversharing  is generally perceived as negative rather than the cry for help it could actually be.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	However, Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform, the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive. Even back in 2015, Gwendolyn Seidman PhD, said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online. We should also steer3 clear of showing off, bragging4 or flexing5, as it's now known  especially about our love lives. It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well', would you really have time to share a photo with text?	However, Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform, the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive. Even back in 2015, Gwendolyn Seidman PhD, said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online. We should also steer3 clear of showing off, bragging4 or flexing5, as it's now known  especially about our love lives. It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well', would you really have time to share a photo with text?
	However, Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform, the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive  Even back in 2015, Gwendolyn Seidman PhD, said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online  We should also steer3 clear of showing off, bragging4 or flexing5, as it's now known  especially about our love lives  It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well', would you really have time to share a photo with text?
	However, Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform, the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive. Even back in 2015, Gwendolyn Seidman PhD, said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online. We should also steer3 clear of showing off, bragging4 or flexing5, as it's now known  especially about our love lives. It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well', would you really have time to share a photo with text 
	However, Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform, the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive. Even back in 2015, Gwendolyn Seidman PhD, said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online. We should also steer3 clear of showing off, bragging4 or flexing5, as it's now known  especially about our love lives. It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well', would you really have time to share a photo with text?
	However  Dr Hand's research also seems to suggest that the more we post on a platform  the more socially attractive we become  provided that the posts that we bang out are positive. Even back in 2015  Gwendolyn Seidman PhD  said that we should avoiding whining2 and being negative online. We should also steer3 clear of showing off  bragging4 or flexing5  as it's now known  especially about our love lives. It makes sense  if your date is going 'that well'  would you really have time to share a photo with text?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	So, how can you know if you are oversharing? Well, why not ask your friends in real life. They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much.	So, how can you know if you are oversharing? Well, why not ask your friends in real life. They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much.
	So, how can you know if you are oversharing? Well, why not ask your friends in real life  They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much 
	So, how can you know if you are oversharing  Well, why not ask your friends in real life. They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much.
	So, how can you know if you are oversharing? Well, why not ask your friends in real life. They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much.
	So  how can you know if you are oversharing? Well  why not ask your friends in real life. They would probably be more than happy to tell you if your posts about your breakfast or your gripes about your lack of money really are too much.