Do you often get angry If the answer is yes you are not alone Bad traffic disagreements with people and other occurrences can potentially be a nuisance But can you control your temper or do you bristle1 with rage every time someone crosses you One footballer known for his temper is Liverpool striker Louis Suarez After a confrontation2 in a match against Chelsea he sank his teeth into his opponent Branislav Ivanovics flesh The bite caused outrage3 and he was ordered to go on an anger management course In 2007 supermodel Naomi Campbell was ordered to take the same type of classes by a New York court after pleading guilty to assaulting her housekeeper4 If you are not famous your anonymity5 might spare your blushes when it comes to meltdowns in public but it might not keep you out of court Many ordinary people may be referred by the police or a doctor or simply sign up themselves The theory of anger management was developed in the 1970s The first reference to the term cited by the Oxford6 English Dictionary comes in 1975 in the work of US psychologist Raymond Novaco Todays courses are based on cognitive7 behaviour therapy says Isabel Clarke who has been running them for the UKs National Health Service in Southampton She says: What convinced me is seeing people change For people who use anger and bullying8 to change that is a big ask It doesnt work for everyone About 30 of people dropped out But for those who persevered9 it led them to change their behaviour says Clarke Among the recommendations for people with a short fuse are: accept that different opinions are acceptable listen to the other person and dont take anything personally Control used to be seen as repression10 But these days letting it all out ranting11 and raving12 is viewed as destructive behaviour says Antonia Macaro the Financial Times agony aunt Maybe the best thing is just count to ten when you feel you are about to hit the roof It might not give you time to calm down but will allow the other person to run away n but will allow the other person to run away t transports people into the far future.	The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising. Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years. Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine, written by HG Wells in 1895, about a contraption that transports people into the far future.
	The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising  Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years  Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine, written by HG Wells in 1895, about a contraption that transports people into the far future 
	The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising. Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years. Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine, written by HG Wells in 1895, about a contraption that transports people into the far future.
	The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising. Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years. Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine, written by HG Wells in 1895, about a contraption that transports people into the far future.
	The possibility of time travel is indeed tantalising. Stories exploring the subject have been around for hundreds of years. Perhaps the best known example is science fiction novella The Time Machine  written by HG Wells in 1895  about a contraption that transports people into the far future.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But could time travel actually be possible?	But could time travel actually be possible?
	But could time travel actually be possible?
	But could time travel actually be possible 
	But could time travel actually be possible?
	But could time travel actually be possible?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Some scientists say yes, in theory.	Some scientists say yes, in theory.
	Some scientists say yes, in theory 
	Some scientists say yes, in theory.
	Some scientists say yes, in theory.
	Some scientists say yes  in theory.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes', which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods. Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances. And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light. Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task.	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes', which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods. Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances. And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light. Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task.
	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes', which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods  Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances  And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light  Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task 
	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes', which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods. Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances. And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light. Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task.
	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes', which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods. Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances. And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light. Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task.
	They propose1 using cracks in time and space called 'wormholes'  which could be used as shortcuts2 to other periods. Einstein's theory of relativity3 allows time travel in extreme circumstances. And British physicist4 Stephen Hawking5 says you could travel into the future with a really fast spaceship  going at nearly the speed of light. Though building such a spaceship would of course be no simple task.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Even if you could travel into the past, there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'. It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born.	Even if you could travel into the past, there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'. It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born.
	Even if you could travel into the past, there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'  It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born 
	Even if you could travel into the past, there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'. It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born.
	Even if you could travel into the past, there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'. It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born.
	Even if you could travel into the past  there is something called the 'grandfather paradox6'. It asks what would happen if a time traveller were to go back in time and kill their own grandfather; and therefore prevent themselves from being born.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	If the time traveller wasn't born, how would he travel back in time?	If the time traveller wasn't born, how would he travel back in time?
	If the time traveller wasn't born, how would he travel back in time?
	If the time traveller wasn't born, how would he travel back in time 
	If the time traveller wasn't born, how would he travel back in time?
	If the time traveller wasn't born  how would he travel back in time?
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	And would you really like to visit the future? In HG Wells's book, the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7. He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8.	And would you really like to visit the future? In HG Wells's book, the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7. He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8.
	And would you really like to visit the future? In HG Wells's book, the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7  He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8 
	And would you really like to visit the future  In HG Wells's book, the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7. He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8.
	And would you really like to visit the future? In HG Wells's book, the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7. He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8.
	And would you really like to visit the future? In HG Wells's book  the main character travels into distant time where he arrives at a beach and is attacked by giant crabs7. He then voyages 30 million years into the future where the only living thing is a black blob with tentacles8.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	If that's what's in store, maybe we are better just living in the present day after all.	If that's what's in store, maybe we are better just living in the present day after all.
	If that's what's in store, maybe we are better just living in the present day after all 
	If that's what's in store, maybe we are better just living in the present day after all.
	If that's what's in store, maybe we are better just living in the present day after all.
	If that's what's in store  maybe we are better just living in the present day after all.