Plan for the next day before bed Wake up early Get enough sleep Frame your emotional state in the morning before everything else Do nothing Spend 10 to 15 minutes a day every morning to breath 1015Make a todo list with maximum 6 tasksTake a nap Reflect the day in the evening Embrace the morning Eat your breakfast Exercise Habit 1: They take breaks throughout the day Habit 2: They work backwards1 from the future Habit 3: They create todo list subdeadlines the night before Habit 4: They view failure as learning opportunities Habit 5:They say no nicely Habit 6: They use email tools systems to optimize2 their inbox Habit 7: They build exercise and healthy eating into their daily routines to increase mental energy Habit 8: They optimize their computer skills for speed  They optimize their computer skills for speed 	 way in the growth of these apps US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019 while in the UK they shot up by 132% almost double the worldwide average And London-based Busuu saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK 	 	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least "people are learning because of culture brain training family and relationships along with school and travel We want a positive use of our time and to do something productive on our phones " The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this Certainly becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together ecially as more people are working or studying at home. They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone. And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities.	The popularity of language-learning apps in particular has boomed around the world, especially as more people are working or studying at home. They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone. And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities.
	The popularity of language-learning apps in particular has boomed around the world, especially as more people are working or studying at home  They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone  And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities 
	The popularity of language-learning apps in particular has boomed around the world, especially as more people are working or studying at home. They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone. And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities.
	The popularity of language-learning apps in particular has boomed around the world, especially as more people are working or studying at home. They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone. And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities.
	The popularity of language-learning apps in particular has boomed around the world  especially as more people are working or studying at home. They are usually easy and convenient to use because you can access them on your smartphone. And apps can offer languages not popular enough to be taught at evening classes or schools or universities.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world. But, maybe surprisingly, it's the British, who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning, who are leading the way in the growth of these apps. US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019, while in the UK they shot up by 132%, almost double the worldwide average. And London-based Busuu, saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK.	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world. But, maybe surprisingly, it's the British, who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning, who are leading the way in the growth of these apps. US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019, while in the UK they shot up by 132%, almost double the worldwide average. And London-based Busuu, saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK.
	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world  But, maybe surprisingly, it's the British, who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning, who are leading the way in the growth of these apps  US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019, while in the UK they shot up by 132%, almost double the worldwide average  And London-based Busuu, saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK 
	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world. But, maybe surprisingly, it's the British, who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning, who are leading the way in the growth of these apps. US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019, while in the UK they shot up by 132%, almost double the worldwide average. And London-based Busuu, saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK.
	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world. But, maybe surprisingly, it's the British, who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning, who are leading the way in the growth of these apps. US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019, while in the UK they shot up by 132%, almost double the worldwide average. And London-based Busuu, saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK.
	Many of us are aiming to be bilingual to enable us to communicate with people around the world. But  maybe surprisingly  it's the British  who are not renowned1 for their enthusiasm for language learning  who are leading the way in the growth of these apps. US firm Duolingo told the BBC that in 2020 new user numbers globally were up 67% compared with 2019  while in the UK they shot up by 132%  almost double the worldwide average. And London-based Busuu  saw a similar trend for learners based in the UK.
	 	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language, what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress? Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least, "people are learning because of culture, brain training, family, and relationships, along with school and travel. We want a positive use of our time, and to do something productive on our phones." The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this. Certainly, becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing, and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together.	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language, what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress? Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least, "people are learning because of culture, brain training, family, and relationships, along with school and travel. We want a positive use of our time, and to do something productive on our phones." The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this. Certainly, becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing, and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together.
	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language, what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress? Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least, "people are learning because of culture, brain training, family, and relationships, along with school and travel  We want a positive use of our time, and to do something productive on our phones " The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this  Certainly, becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing, and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together 
	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language, what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress  Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least, "people are learning because of culture, brain training, family, and relationships, along with school and travel. We want a positive use of our time, and to do something productive on our phones." The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this. Certainly, becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing, and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together.
	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language, what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress? Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least, "people are learning because of culture, brain training, family, and relationships, along with school and travel. We want a positive use of our time, and to do something productive on our phones." The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this. Certainly, becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing, and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together.
	But for anyone trying their hand at a new language  what motivates them to carry on learning when there isn't a teacher around to manage their progress? Colin Watkins from Duolingo told the BBC that for UK learners at least  "people are learning because of culture  brain training  family  and relationships  along with school and travel. We want a positive use of our time  and to do something productive on our phones." The recent lockdowns have given us more time to do this. Certainly  becoming bilingual or a polyglot2 is a good thing  and it helps us to bring the world a little closer together.